Once upon a time there was a incredible girl called Naomi Gloop. She was on the way to see her Chloe Smart, when she decided to take a short cut through Snotchester Forest.

It wasn't long before Naomi got lost. She looked around, but all she could see were trees. Nervously, she felt into her bag for her favourite toy, Daisy, but Daisy was nowhere to be found! Naomi began to panic. She felt sure she had packed Daisy. To make matters worse, she was starting to feel hungry.

Unexpectedly, she saw a hysterical frog dressed in a purple pinafore disappearing into the trees.

"How odd!" thought Naomi.

For the want of anything better to do, she decided to follow the peculiarly dressed frog. Perhaps it could tell him the way out of the forest.

Eventually, Naomi reached a clearing. In the clearing were three houses, one made from cucumbers, one made from jelly babies and one made from cupcakes.

Naomi could feel her tummy rumbling. Looking at the houses did nothing to ease her hunger.

"Hello!" she called. "Is anybody there?"

Nobody replied.

Naomi looked at the roof on the closest house and wondered if it would be rude to eat somebody else's chimney. Obviously it would be impolite to eat a whole house, but perhaps it would be considered acceptable to nibble the odd fixture or lick the odd fitting, in a time of need.

A cackle broke through the air, giving Naomi a fright. A witch jumped into the space in front of the houses. She was carrying a cage. In that cage was Daisy!

"Daisy!" shouted Naomi. She turned to the witch. "That's my toy!"

The witch just shrugged.

"Give Daisy back!" cried Naomi.

"Not on your nelly!" said the witch.

"At least let Daisy out of that cage!"

Before she could reply, two hysterical frogs rushed in from a footpath on the other side of the clearing. Naomi recognised the one in the purple pinafore that she'd seen earlier. The witch seemed to recognise him too.

"Hello Big Frog," said the witch.

"Good morning." The frog noticed Daisy. "Who is this?"

"That's Daisy," explained the witch.

"Ooh! Daisy would look lovely in my house. Give it to me!" demanded the frog.

The witch shook her head. "Daisy is staying with me."

"Um... Excuse me..." Naomi interrupted. "Daisy lives with me! And not in a cage!"

Big Frog ignored her. "Is there nothing you'll trade?" he asked the witch.

The witch thought for a moment, then said, "I do like to be entertained. I'll release him to anybody who can eat a whole front door."

Big Frog looked at the house made from cupcakes and said, "No problem, I could eat an entire house made from cupcakes if I wanted to."

"That's nothing," said the next frog. "I could eat two houses."

"There's no need to show off," said the witch. Just eat one front door and I'll let you have Daisy."

Naomi watched, feeling very worried. She didn't want the witch to give Daisy to Big Frog. She didn't think Daisy would like living with a hysterical frog, away from her house and all her other toys.

The other one frogs watched while Big Frog put on his bib and withdrew a knife and fork from his pocket.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Big Frog. "Just you watch!"

Big Frog pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from jelly babies. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

Eventually, Big Frog started to get bigger - just a little bit bigger at first. But after a few more fork-fulls of jelly babies, he grew to the size of a large snowball - and he was every bit as round.

"Erm... I don't feel too good," said Big Frog.

Suddenly, he started to roll. He'd grown so round that he could no longer balance!

"Help!" he cried, as he rolled off down a slope into the forest.

Big Frog never finished eating the front door made from jelly babies and Daisy remained trapped in the witch's cage.
Average Frog stepped up, and approached the house made from cupcakes.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Average Frog. "Just you watch!"

Average Frog pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from cupcakes. She gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

After a while, Average Frog started to look a little queasy. She grew greener...

   ...and greener.

A woodcutter walked into the clearing. "What's this bush doing here?" he asked.

"I'm not a bush, I'm a frog!" said Average Frog.

"It talks!" exclaimed the woodcutter. "Those talking bushes are the worst kind. I'd better take it away before somebody gets hurt."

"No! Wait!" cried Average Frog, as the woodcutter picked her up. But the woodcutter ignored her cries and carried the frog away under his arm.

Average Frog never finished eating the front door made from cupcakes and Daisy remained trapped in the witch's cage.

"That's it," said the witch. "I win. I get to keep Daisy."

"Not so fast," said Naomi. "There is still one front door to go. The front door of the house made from cucumbers. And I haven't had a turn yet.

"I don't have to give you a turn!" laughed the witch. "My game. My rules."

The woodcutter's voice carried through the forest. "I think you should give her a chance. It's only fair."

"Fine," said the witch. "But you saw what happened to the frogs. She won't last long."

"I'll be right back," said Naomi.

"What?" said the witch. "Where's your sense of impatience? I thought you wanted Daisy back."

Naomi ignored the witch and gathered a hefty pile of sticks. She came back to the clearing and started a small camp fire. Carefully, she broke off a piece of the door of the house made from cucumbers and toasted it over the fire. Once it had cooked and cooled just a little, she took a bite. She quickly devoured the whole piece.

Naomi sat down on a nearby log.

"You fail!" cackled the witch. "You were supposed to eat the whole door."

"I haven't finished," explained Naomi. "I am just waiting for my food to go down."

When Naomi's food had digested, she broke off another piece of the door made from cucumbers. Once more, she toasted her food over the fire and waited for it to cool just a little. She ate it at a leisurely pace then waited for it to digest.

Eventually, after several sittings, Naomi was down to the final piece of the door made from cucumbers. Carefully, she toasted it and allowed it to cool just a little. She finished her final course. Naomi had eaten the entire front door of the house made from cucumbers.

The witch stamped her foot angrily. "You must have tricked me!" she said. "I don't reward cheating!"

"I don't think so!" said a voice. It was the woodcutter. He walked back into the clearing, carrying his axe. "This little girl won fair and square. Now hand over Daisy or I will chop your broomstick in half."

The witch looked horrified. She grabbed her broomstick and placed it behind her. Then, huffing, she opened the door of the cage.

Naomi hurried over and grabbed Daisy, checking that her favourite toy was all right. Fortunately, Daisy was unharmed.

Naomi thanked the woodcutter, grabbed a quick souvenir, and hurried on to meet Chloe. It was starting to get dark.

When Naomi got to Chloe's house, her threw her arms around her.

"I was so worried!" cried Chloe. "You are very late."

As Naomi described her day, she could tell that Chloe didn't believe her. So she grabbed a napkin from her pocket.

"What's that?" asked Chloe.

Naomi unwrapped a doorknob made from jelly babies. "Pudding!" she said.

Chloe almost fell off her chair.

The End
