Once upon a time there was a skinny boy called Steven Khan. He was on the way to see his Toby Meadows, when he decided to take a short cut through Thetford Forest.

It wasn't long before Steven got lost. He looked around, but all he could see were trees. Nervously, he felt into his bag for his favourite toy, Spike, but Spike was nowhere to be found! Steven began to panic. He felt sure he had packed Spike. To make matters worse, he was starting to feel hungry.

Unexpectedly, he saw a cruel cat dressed in a red skirt disappearing into the trees.

"How odd!" thought Steven.

For the want of anything better to do, he decided to follow the peculiarly dressed cat. Perhaps it could tell him the way out of the forest.

Eventually, Steven reached a clearing. In the clearing were two houses, one made from red cabbages and one made from sweets.

Steven could feel his tummy rumbling. Looking at the houses did nothing to ease his hunger.

"Hello!" he called. "Is anybody there?"

Nobody replied.

Steven looked at the roof on the closest house and wondered if it would be rude to eat somebody else's chimney. Obviously it would be impolite to eat a whole house, but perhaps it would be considered acceptable to nibble the odd fixture or lick the odd fitting, in a time of need.

A cackle broke through the air, giving Steven a fright. A witch jumped into the space in front of the houses. She was carrying a cage. In that cage was Spike!

"Spike!" shouted Steven. He turned to the witch. "That's my toy!"

The witch just shrugged.

"Give Spike back!" cried Steven.

"Not on your nelly!" said the witch.

"At least let Spike out of that cage!"

Before she could reply, the cruel cat in the red skirt rushed in from a footpath on the other side of the cleaning.

"Hello Big Cat," said the witch.

"Good morning." The cat noticed Spike. "Who is this?"

"That's Spike," explained the witch.

"Ooh! Spike would look lovely in my house. Give it to me!" demanded the cat.

The witch shook her head. "Spike is staying with me."

"Um... Excuse me..." Steven interrupted. "Spike lives with me! And not in a cage!"

Big Cat ignored him. "Is there nothing you'll trade?" he asked the witch.

The witch thought for a moment, then said, "I do like to be entertained. I'll release him to anybody who can eat a whole front door."

Big Cat looked at the house made from sweets and said, "No problem, I could eat an entire house made from sweets if I wanted to."

"There's no need to show off," said the witch. Just eat one front door and I'll let you have Spike."

Steven watched, feeling very worried. He didn't want the witch to give Spike to Big Cat. He didn't think Spike would like living with a cruel cat, away from his house and all his other toys.

Big Cat put on his bib and withdraw a knife and fork from his pocket.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Big Cat. "Just you watch!"

Big Cat pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from sweets. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

Eventually, Big Cat started to get bigger - just a little bit bigger at first. But after a few more fork-fulls of sweets, he grew to the size of a large snowball - and he was every bit as round.

"Erm... I don't feel too good," said Big Cat.

Suddenly, he started to roll. He'd grown so round that he could no longer balance!

"Help!" he cried, as he rolled off down a slope into the forest.

Big Cat never finished eating the front door made from sweets and Spike remained trapped in the witch's cage.

"That's it," said the witch. "I win. I get to keep Spike."

"Not so fast," said Steven. "There is still one front door to go. The front door of the house made from red cabbages. And I haven't had a turn yet.

"I don't have to give you a turn!" laughed the witch. "My game. My rules."

The woodcutter's voice carried through the forest. "I think you should give him a chance. It's only fair."

"Fine," said the witch. "But you saw what happened to the cat. He won't last long."

"I'll be right back," said Steven.

"What?" said the witch. "Where's your sense of impatience? I thought you wanted Spike back."

Steven ignored the witch and gathered a hefty pile of sticks. He came back to the clearing and started a small camp fire. Carefully, he broke off a piece of the door of the house made from red cabbages and toasted it over the fire. Once it had cooked and cooled just a little, he took a bite. He quickly devoured the whole piece.

Steven sat down on a nearby log.

"You fail!" cackled the witch. "You were supposed to eat the whole door."

"I haven't finished," explained Steven. "I am just waiting for my food to go down."

When Steven's food had digested, he broke off another piece of the door made from red cabbages. Once more, he toasted his food over the fire and waited for it to cool just a little. He ate it at a leisurely pace then waited for it to digest.

Eventually, after several sittings, Steven was down to the final piece of the door made from red cabbages. Carefully, he toasted it and allowed it to cool just a little. He finished his final course. Steven had eaten the entire front door of the house made from red cabbages.

The witch stamped her foot angrily. "You must have tricked me!" she said. "I don't reward cheating!"

"I don't think so!" said a voice. It was the woodcutter. He walked back into the clearing, carrying his axe. "This little boy won fair and square. Now hand over Spike or I will chop your broomstick in half."

The witch looked horrified. She grabbed her broomstick and placed it behind her. Then, huffing, she opened the door of the cage.

Steven hurried over and grabbed Spike, checking that his favourite toy was all right. Fortunately, Spike was unharmed.

Steven thanked the woodcutter, grabbed a quick souvenir, and hurried on to meet Toby. It was starting to get dark.

When Steven got to Toby's house, his threw his arms around him.

"I was so worried!" cried Toby. "You are very late."

As Steven described his day, he could tell that Toby didn't believe him. So he grabbed a napkin from his pocket.

"What's that?" asked Toby.

Steven unwrapped a doorknob made from sweets. "Pudding!" he said.

Toby almost fell off his chair.

The End
